Add a dedicated page for Azure SSO (#316)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: accounts/sso/azure/index.mdx

![Screenshot of Enterprise application page](azure_enterprise_app.png)

In the setting up single sign-on page, choose **SAML** as a single sign-on method.

![Screenshot of Setting up single sign on](azure_select_sso_method.png)

In the step 1, **Basic SAML Configuration**, fill the **Identifier (Entity ID)** and the **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)**.

![Screenshot of Basic SAML Configuration](azure_setup_saml_step1.png)

These can be found in the SAML settings page in pganalyze.
To retrieve the SAML settings specific to your organization, you can navigate to the **Integrations**
settings page in your pganalyze account, where you will see the **Single Sign-On with SAML** panel.

![Screenshot of pganalyze SAML integration details showing ACS and Metadata URL](../sso_details_for_idp.png)

The **Single Sign-On URL (ACS)** above is the one you'll need to copy to the **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)**.

Next, navigate to the step 2 and click **Edit**:

![Screenshot of Attributes & Claims](azure_setup_saml_step2.png)

In the Attributes & Claims page, click **Add new claim** to add a new claim.

> As a claim `email` is required, create a new claim with a name `email`. Please note that the namespace field _must be empty_.

Reviewer: The part before the comma doesn't really add anything, how about just
```suggestion
Create a new claim with a name `email`. Please note that the namespace field _must be empty_.
```
?

> For the source attribute, choose `user.email`. If your organization keeps the user's email in the other attribute, pick that one.

Reviewer: I feel like this wording is a little unclear. How about de-emphasizing that second case (I assume it's fairly rare?) with something like
```suggestion
For the source attribute, you'll typically choose `user.email` unless your organization keeps the user's email in another attribute.
```

![Screenshot of Manage claim](azure_setup_saml_email_claim.png)

> Ensure that each user has na email attribute set. This field is empty by default when a new user is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that each user has an email attribute set. This field is empty by default when a new user is created.
```

> You can check this by navigating to **Users**, select a user, then check **Properties** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check this by navigating to **Users**, select a user, then check the **Properties** tab.
```

> When these parts are not properly done, you will see the error "SAML integration configuration error - missing email attribute" when trying to single sign-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is not set up correctly, you will see the error "SAML integration configuration error - missing email attribute" when trying to sign in to pganalyze.
```

Next, keep the setup page open, and register the Microsoft Entra ID Enterprise application with pganalyze before testing.

## Register the Microsoft Entra ID Enterprise application with pganalyze

First, copy the **App Federation Metadata Url** from the setup page.

![Screenshot of App Federation Metadata Url field](azure_setup_metadata_url.png)

Then, in the pganalyze app, Specify the **Identity Provider metadata** URL in pganalyze on the **Integrations** settings page.

![Screenshot of pganalyze SAML integration page showing Okta IDP metadata URL](pganalyze_azure_idp_metadata_url.png)

Once you submit the Metadata URL, pganalyze will verify the configuration, and either provide an error,
or show the following indicating successful setup:

![Screenshot of successful pganalyze SAML integration](../sso_success.png)

> You can now assign the Enterprise application to the appropriate users of your team. Going forward your team members can now sign in to pganalyze by using the Enterprise application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now assign the Enterprise application to users on your team. Going forward your team members can sign in to pganalyze by using the Enterprise application.
```

Once setup is complete, return to the SAML setup page in your Azure portal and run the **Test single sign-on** step to verify the integration.

> [Read more about how to migrate users and general Single Sign-On functionality](/docs/accounts/sso).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read more about how to migrate existing users to Single Sign-On in pganalyze and general SSO functionality](/docs/accounts/sso).
```
